# The Honeybadger V6.0
*Repo for Concordia University's Engineering Games 2017 Machine (The Honeybadger V.VI)*

## Overview
This repository contains the source code of the honeybadger V6. The source which resides in the "honeybadger/Machine" folder is divided into three main modules, represented by the packages below:
* `Machine.desktop` is the Badger Command UI, intended to run on desktops computers to control the honeybadger itself
* `Machine.rpi` holds the actual code intended to run on (or emulate) the Raspberry Pi, which interfaces with the custom electronics stack. Many of the packages depend on a Pi4J installation to run correctly
* Finally, `Machine.common` contains any classes used by both platforms to interact with each other or provide miscellaneous services.

## Setup, building and running
This project was developped with Idea's Intellij IDE and requires Java 8 update 111.
The codebase can be managed easily by opening the main module "Forge" in Intellij.
To compile the classes, right click on the "Machine" folder and select the "Build Machine" option. This will generate all classes
in the "out" folder. Compilation and execution can also be done from command line with "javac" and "java" commands.

A self-contained, deployable release can also be generated by building a JAR file with Intellij, and is part of full module 
build steps.

## Credits

### EngGames Machine Team Lead: Ryan Cooke

### Concordia EngGames Software Team
* Alex Dussault
* Alex Stojda
* Javier Fajardo
* Joey Fallu

### Special Thanks
* Kirk Glowacki
* Mike Levan
* "Señor Yabz" and Mike Yablonovitch
* Concordia University ENCS Faculty and ECE Department
* Concordia EngGames 2017 Machine Team (MECH and ELEC) and the entire delegation.
* Engineering Games 2017 Organizing Committee and Machine VPs

## Legal
All code created by the authors (which resides in the honeybadger/Machine folder) has been released under the Apache 2.0 License. The use of the Oracle JRE, JVM and JDK are bound by a separate license, which you accept by using this software (see [the JRE License doc](https://github.com/ryan-cooke/machine/blob/master/honeybadger/executable/bin/jre/LICENSE.MD).)
